and then the youtube that still goes if the US
presented an application called mc
tube that this is what he does it
simply makes you watch videos from
youtube in various resolutions 320 p 1080p
720 and still lets you download the videos
for its rivals
good as you can see here
his interface
here are the subscription lines that
are my subscriptions to the channels that
I am enrolled in the one that has mine.
account
I downloaded and it was here and it 's another
Company is not crazy, God damn it
that is installed here that we have to
search here we have downloaded videos and
here we have more options and also a
historic
in addition it also has a version
that I really do not see any
difference between the two versions
good here as an example I'll show
you any video we see
this trailer here you can see that
it opens year mode portraits you turn and
slow to bounce the right way street
responds that the video or video rotates beauty
increase a little common
yes you can, yes you can see that it has
lot of options
anecy more here you can watch
then bookmark or place
a playlist that loves you
share by email message twitter
or copy the link here gives you
repeat the video when it should finish and
pet net property pro again
slick city and up here you still
you can choose the quality of the video as
you can see that by default it is in
70 and 20 p
I can also decrease the quality that
want to watch the video for 240 t or 360
depending on the videos clear and that I
I can put the cancel
important now is how to download videos
you can see that up here has a
zizinha option to download a video when
You put it here you can see that it
gives you the quality options you want
download is very very good, that's right
personal Let's put it here to download
this video will put down
77 even and here is saying that the video
has already been placed in which I
downloads come here you can see that
he is going down on a good pension and
has a way to escape you but unfortunately
There is no then you can see that it is
downloading and here is my list of
other videos I already have or
downloaded on my iphone and that I can
edit the videos for example of her
each one is the coolest because it
create a playlist or
playlist multiple videos you have music
you can simply create a
music category import videos
What do you want from music like?
this and this one's sure if it gets
saves what is coolest is that when
you put a video he's going to play
if you push a button and it continues
giving play on the video gives a short pause
but it remains in background mode as
You can see here.
It's still good here.
cause you can skip to the next if you do not
I'm mistaken
then there is very very good application is
one of the best youtube apps
that I know if not the best one is
well organized is very well done
application and that you can see that by
already pulled the video
as an example turn off truck f just to
show that it really is and it succeeds
download the videos and watching mode
offline reply that was here was
off on top we will go back to the
app
Let's run a video that we did
show you can see he pulled of
bovids in resolution 720p
so this app is very very good
he finds himself free on apple
store on something else that last will
show they can put their
where are you from?
playback you can put to watch
all videos by default 720p or 1080p
up to 360 and 240 and here you can activate
You want to see the videos in the background is
when you simply push the button
with you to continue listening to the
video that you can see the cash you
when you watch a video already
the appliance automatically
I leave it disabled because otherwise it will
consume much of my capacity of
my days
so let by default and is out of tune
This is where you can upgrade
He proved that I think that's what he does.
he simply takes the warnings
of the videos or the application
I do not know if the videos shot but the
application because we get it right it's
I do not have anything else to show you about
this app his hand is this tube and
he is in the apple store
free
I hope you liked this video
Who liked him in the video? Who is not?
happy on the channel but want to sign up
click also sign up below
just like like and that's it folks here
it was too much mine